>> Brian Holt: So it's really great if
we can make React router handle both
server-side routing and
client-side routing.
And the answer is,
you can, that does work.
So let's go ahead and go do that.
>> Brian Holt: So there's a couple
things that we're gonna have to do first.
>> Brian Holt: So
open your app.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: The thing
that we have here on the outside
is browser router, right?
As you might imply by the name, browser
router depends on a browser, right?
And if we try to run browser router
in node, node doesn't have document,
it doesn't have window,
it doesn't have all these things.
So if you try and run browser
router in node, it's gonna fail.
So in other words, this is going
to be a client side concern, so
we're gonna have to move it to client app,
right?
So go ahead and take out BrowserRouter.
>> Brian Holt: And
so provider is the top component and
that's fine.
Redux works both in node and
in the browser.
Get rid of BrowserRouter up here.
>> Brian Holt: And
then go up to clientapp.jsx and
what you're going do here is you're
just going to import BrowserRouter from
'react-router-dom', okay?
And then you're just going
to surround app with
BrowserRouter.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's it.
>> Brian Holt: You
can put that on multiple
lines if that makes you feel
better.
>> Brian Holt: Like
that.
>> Brian Holt: So
now BrowserRouter is only going
to be rendered on the client.
That frees us up on the node side
to use a different kind of router.
Which is gonna be I think,
is it the static router?
Something like that, we'll figure it out.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
the next thing I want you to do is
I want you to open your index.html,
which we haven't edited for a long time.
>> Brian Holt: What
we wanna do here is we wanna edit this so
that,
>> Brian Holt: This
is going to be used as
the template as well.
And there is 10 billion ways
to do the template here, and
I'm not actually super concerned of how
you choose to do the templating, right?
We need to use this and we need to insert
mark up into this, right, in order for
this to work.
I'm going to use low dash templating
just because it's really simple.
But again, you could use handle bars,
you could just write
template strings yourself.
There's a million ways to do it and
it's really not important.
So low dash templates are really easy.
I'm just gonna say this,
which is gonna be <%=.
I'm gonna body here, and
then I'm going to hit %>.
>> Brian Holt: And
this is just gonna say whenever
I go to render this template,
this going to put body in there, right?
>> Brian Holt: You can
actually use react itself to do
templating here, that's fine as well.
It's just a little bit more work
than I care to do right now.